Before we dive into this module Here's one important note in case you're using Anglo version 6 or higher
starting with that word an angler uses are extreme as worst than 6 or higher.
And our next years is the library responsible for the observables.
Now it generally works exactly as before but the imports change now I actually used the new imports
index almost everywhere in the course and I added some notations throughout the course in places where
you can adjust it but to make sure that the exact same code as shown in this course works.
You should install an extra package with NPM install dash dash save.
It's our extra Yes dash compact.
With that the entire code in this course will work without any adjustments.
If you want to use our Extreme's version 6 without that extra package as I said there will be notations
in the course that allow you to update your code accordingly and well use it without that extra package.
But this is a fine work around to ensure that you don't have to do anything.